Now let's take a look at what create react app has made for us.
SO WE'RE GONNA GO INTO OUR MONSTER'S Rolodex and if we hit unless we see that it's actually generated
this project for us it's got all our dependencies inside of node modules and it's got a package Jason
and then some of these other file folders and files.
So now if we open that up and take a look let's look at the package.
Jason first we see that it's included for us react and react Dom which is great as well as this other
library called react scripts.
Now what react scripts does for us is it's what makes create react app so great.
It's actually what allows us to have to not worry about web pack and babble.
It includes these four scripts for us and it calls that library react scripts to do these four things
start build test and eject.
Now what start does is it actually starts the project.
So let's try that first so if we call yarn start we act scripts start right there.
And what this does is it serves up this sample application of react inside of our local host which is
pretty awesome.
We have a working react app right away.
If we look at the next one built.
So before we start looking at the script let's actually look at these two folders.
Now the source folder is actually where our application lives all of the real code that we write for
our application is going to go into the source folder.
This public folder is actually where all those files that I mentioned earlier where our browser needs
an older version of JavaScript and him all to understand.
So while this is actually the folder where all that's going to go.
So when we call this build script what create racked up I was gonna do is it's going to turn all of
the react code in our source folder into that version that the browser understands and put it inside
of this public folder test just runs the test code that we're gonna write and then eject will actually
take out all of the configuration files that it's hidden from us for Babylon web hack in case we wanted
to manage it ourselves now.
Now that we understand what the basics of what create react app has done for us here.
Let's actually look at some of the code.
Now the first thing I want us to look at is this app dot J.S. file.
Now I know this looks a little overwhelming but let's just take it line by line so first we're going
to import all the things from react that we need.
And it's called react right.
We import react from react and that's going to hold everything related to react that we need inside
into this file then we're going to import the logo from logo dot SPG which is essentially just this
logo image then we're going to import the CSX and now let's look at the actual meat of this file let's
look at line 5.
This is just a function called app that returns a block of H Timo.
That's all it is.
So everything that we see here is actually just the HDMI here.
Now how this works is that when we look at this index such as file we see that we import that app function
that we were just looking at.
And then there's this react on library that calls render and then it renders our app function in the
form of what looks like an HDMI tag.
Right.
And then you see this thing here that says document dot yet element by idea of root.
So what this is is it's looking on the document object for some elements with an idea of root and it's
replacing it with this function that we saw that returns HMO.
So it's going to replace that element with the idea of root with all of that age them out from our function
and where that div is with the idea of root is inside of index relational inside of this body tag is
a single div with the idea of root and this is the entry way for our application.
It's essentially just this library replacing that div with the idea of root with our function that returns
some HMO.
Now one of the great things about create react app is that if we make any changes to any of our files
it'll automatically update inside of our local host.
So if I wanted to change this to say hello my name is e Hua we will automatically see this update.
And that's really awesome because that means that we don't have to worry about refreshing anything we
just code and see those changes like.
Now let's get started with actually converting this into this.